---
layout: post
title:      "My CLI Project"
date:       2020-01-19 21:15:27 +0000
permalink:  my_cli_project
---


For my CLI project I ultimately decided to create a program to scrape basic information from Wikipedia pages, consolidate it, and save it within classes as instances and their objects. In this process I had to rewrite the code several times to help find the best method for saving the information but ultimately I created hashes and using them I created new instances in  my main class which dymaically created variables and used its subclass to to create the lower level instances which were in turn saved as the values of those variables. My main problem in this project was my desire to create the variable names dynamically. I understand the benefit of having static names especially in an environment like a class where having simple names that can be easily called on is a huge boon, but I wanted to properly retain the information of the pages by utilizing the names that lead to the values just as the titles of the page lead to the content. I utilized instance_variable_set to create dynamic names that were fluid and from the Wikipedia page themselves with minor alterations to account for variable limitations. I then stored those name to ensure a simple way to pull the variable names without the rest of the varibles coming with them. Using these lists, I created a CLI based around accessing the information of these instances by themselves or in tandem by accessing the same variable names across Person instances. With more time I would have liked to create a more fluid comparision system that includes similar and not just identical variables across different instances as well as clean up my code a bit better as some of the loops and various varible cleanings are very similar and could most likely be consolidated with a seperate method capable of being called with an argument and returning the proper variable or putting the proper text.
